README.md, before:

Loomio is a collaborative decision-making tool that makes it easy for anyone to participate in decisions which affect them. If you'd like to find out more, check out [Loomio.org](https://www.loomio.org).

### Contributing

If you'd like to report a bug, give us feedback, or contribute to Loomio, please read our [contributor guidelines.](https://github.com/loomio/loomio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

To setup up a Loomio development environment, or to develop plugin to extend Loomio, see the [quickstart guide](docs/en/development_handbook/quickstart.md)

To setup your own Loomio instance see [loomio/loomio-deploy](https://github.com/loomio/loomio-deploy)

To learn about working within the Loomio Co-op, read the [Loomio Coop Handbook](https://github.com/loomio/loomio-coop-handbook)

### Contact

If you want to get in touch with us, send an email: [contact@loomio.org](mailto:contact@loomio.org).

[Facebook](https://facebook.com/Loomio) [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Loomio)

Loomio is an open source product released under the [GNU Affero General Public License](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

add skylight and travis badges to readme

README.md, after:

Loomio is a collaborative decision-making tool that makes it easy for anyone to participate in decisions which affect them. If you'd like to find out more, check out [Loomio.org](https://www.loomio.org).



### Contributing

If you'd like to report a bug, give us feedback, or contribute to Loomio, please read our [contributor guidelines.](https://github.com/loomio/loomio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

To setup up a Loomio development environment, or to develop plugin to extend Loomio, see the [quickstart guide](docs/en/development_handbook/quickstart.md)

To setup your own Loomio instance see [loomio/loomio-deploy](https://github.com/loomio/loomio-deploy)

To learn about working within the Loomio Co-op, read the [Loomio Coop Handbook](https://github.com/loomio/loomio-coop-handbook)

[![View performance data on Skylight](https://badges.skylight.io/status/BGzqZwewZHUe.svg)](https://oss.skylight.io/app/applications/BGzqZwewZHUe)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/loomio/loomio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/loomio/loomio)
Note: We have a really temperamental e2e suite. We use it regularly but the overall status breaks too much and that is sad. We're working on it. 

### Contact

If you want to get in touch with us, send an email: [contact@loomio.org](mailto:contact@loomio.org).

[Facebook](https://facebook.com/Loomio) [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Loomio)

Loomio is an open source product released under the [GNU Affero General Public License](LICENSE.txt)
