docs/en/development_handbook/setup_environment.md, before:

# Setup your Linux or OSX computer for Rails app development.

There are 3 parts to this document: MacOS X system setup, Ubuntu system setup, and Application setup. You'll need to complete one of the system setups, and then the application setup after that.

## MacOS X system setup

First install [homebrew](http://brew.sh)

```
$ ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

You then need to install __Command Line Tools for XCode__ from https://developer.apple.com/downloads.

With that done, use Homebrew to install Git and PostgreSQL

```
$ brew install git postgresql pkgconfig
$ brew install ImageMagick --with-perl
$ brew services start postgresql
```

And that's it. You can jump to 'Install rbenv and ruby-build'

## Ubuntu system setup

You will need PostgreSQL 9.4+ for the `jsonb` data type.

```
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install git-core postgresql-9.6 postgresql-contrib-9.6 build-essential \
                       libssl-dev libpq-dev libffi-dev libmagickwand-dev \
                       libreadline-gplv2-dev imagemagick wget libsqlite3-dev
```

## Install Ruby with rbenv

From here onwards the instructions apply to both OSX and Linux.

### Install rbenv and ruby-build

I recommend that you don't use managed (Homebrew, APT etc) versions of ruby, rbenv and ruby-build. They're no easier to use, and they tend to be out of date just when you need the latest version.

First we install [rbenv](https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv#installation).

Test if rbenv is installed correctly:
```
$ type rbenv
```

You should see:
```
#=> "rbenv is a function"
```

Now install [ruby-build](https://github.com/sstephenson/ruby-build#readme)

```
$ git clone https://github.com/sstephenson/ruby-build.git ~/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build
```

When a new version of ruby is released, you can update ruby-build with
```
$ cd ~/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build
$ git pull
```

### Build and Install Ruby and dependencies

At the time of writing 2.3.5 is the latest version. Check the required version and use it in the commands below:
```
$ cat .ruby-version
$ rbenv install 2.3.5
$ rbenv global 2.3.5
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle install
```

## Install Node.js

You'll need Node.js and it's best if you use `nvm` to install it. From [https://github.com/creationix/nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) You'll find that you need to run:

### MacOS X:
```
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.33.6/install.sh | bash
```

### Ubuntu:
```
wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.33.6/install.sh | bash
```

Now build and install node

```
$ nvm install 8.4.0
$ nvm alias default 8.4.0
$ bundle install
$ npm install -g yarn gulp
$ cd client
$ yarn
```

Ensure your node version matches with the version specified in the `engines` field of `angular/package.json`
```
$ grep angular/package.json -e 'engines' -A 3
```

Ok that's it, you're now ready to [install Loomio](quickstart.md) (or any other ruby or node app)

Commit message:

Add postgres9.6 install instructions for old Ubuntu versions

docs/en/development_handbook/setup_environment.md, after:

# Setup your Linux or OSX computer for Rails app development.

There are 3 parts to this document: MacOS X system setup, Ubuntu system setup, and Application setup. You'll need to complete one of the system setups, and then the application setup after that.

## MacOS X system setup

First install [homebrew](http://brew.sh)

```
$ ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

You then need to install __Command Line Tools for XCode__ from https://developer.apple.com/downloads.

With that done, use Homebrew to install Git and PostgreSQL

```
$ brew install git postgresql pkgconfig
$ brew install ImageMagick --with-perl
$ brew services start postgresql
```

And that's it. You can jump to 'Install rbenv and ruby-build'

## Ubuntu system setup

You will need PostgreSQL 9.4+ for the `jsonb` data type.

### Ubuntu 12.04, 14.04, 16.04

```postgresql-9.6``` and ```postgresql-contrib-9.6``` is not in the repo, [ask ubuntu](https://askubuntu.com/questions/831292/how-do-i-install-postgresql-9-6-on-any-ubuntu-version) has the commands for adding the ppa and installing version 9.6.
If you do not have wget installed, install it using ```sudo apt-get install wget```.

### All Ubuntu

```
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install git-core postgresql-9.6 postgresql-contrib-9.6 build-essential \
                       libssl-dev libpq-dev libffi-dev libmagickwand-dev \
                       libreadline-gplv2-dev imagemagick wget libsqlite3-dev
```

## Install Ruby with rbenv

From here onwards the instructions apply to both OSX and Linux.

### Install rbenv and ruby-build

I recommend that you don't use managed (Homebrew, APT etc) versions of ruby, rbenv and ruby-build. They're no easier to use, and they tend to be out of date just when you need the latest version.

First we install [rbenv](https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv#installation).

Test if rbenv is installed correctly:
```
$ type rbenv
```

You should see:
```
#=> "rbenv is a function"
```

Now install [ruby-build](https://github.com/sstephenson/ruby-build#readme)

```
$ git clone https://github.com/sstephenson/ruby-build.git ~/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build
```

When a new version of ruby is released, you can update ruby-build with
```
$ cd ~/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build
$ git pull
```

### Build and Install Ruby and dependencies

At the time of writing 2.3.5 is the latest version. Check the required version and use it in the commands below:
```
$ cat .ruby-version
$ rbenv install 2.3.5
$ rbenv global 2.3.5
$ gem install bundler
$ bundle install
```

## Install Node.js

You'll need Node.js and it's best if you use `nvm` to install it. From [https://github.com/creationix/nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) You'll find that you need to run:

### MacOS X:
```
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.33.6/install.sh | bash
```

### Ubuntu:
```
wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.33.6/install.sh | bash
```

Now build and install node

```
$ nvm install 8.4.0
$ nvm alias default 8.4.0
$ bundle install
$ npm install -g yarn gulp
$ cd client
$ yarn
```

Ensure your node version matches with the version specified in the `engines` field of `angular/package.json`
```
$ grep angular/package.json -e 'engines' -A 3
```

Ok that's it, you're now ready to [install Loomio](quickstart.md) (or any other ruby or node app)
